Cody Hubbard 004843389
CS 35L - Lab 1
4/6/2017

1. How can you get man to print all the commands that have a specific word in their man page (or at least the description part of the man page)? (hint: man man)

Answer: Use the command “man -k search_term” 
Keystrokes: man man 
Explanation: “man man” was used to look at the manual page for the manual to find the search operation

2.Where are the cp and wc programs located in the file system?

Answer: both are located in /usr/bin
Keystrokes: which cp enter which wc enter
Explanation: the “which” command was used to give the locations of the two programs


3.What executable programs have names that are just one character long, and what do they do?

Answer: X, w, and [ are the executables which are one character long. X seems to try and start X server but fails, w seems to return information about the linux server I am connected to, including info about all users logged in, and lastly [ seems to do nothing. It returns an error.  
Keystrokes: find /usr/bin/ -executable -name ? enter X enter w enter [ enter
Explanation: I used the find command to search the usr/bin/ directory along with the -executable option to ensure it only returned executables, the -name option to make sure it searched filenames, and the ? expression to search for names with a length of one character. I then ran all three returned executables to try and figure out what each of them did,

4.When you execute the command named by the symbolic link /usr/bin/emacs, which file actually is executed?

Answer: the file “actually” executed is also named emacs, however it is located in /etc/alternatives/emacs.
Keystrokes:cd /usr/bin enter ls -l emacs enter
Explanation: cd /usr/bin was used to change my directory so that the next command would search the correct directory. Next ls with the -l option with the emacs filename was used to display the detailed information about execs, specifically the executable the symbolic link led to.

5.The chmod program changes permissions on a file. What does the symbolic mode g+s,o-x mean, in terms of permissions?

Answer: The g+s command grants in addition to the file’s group’s other permissions(+)(g) the function of setting group id on execution(s). The o-x command removes(-) the execution permission(x) from all users not in the file’s group(o).
Keystrokes:man chmod enter
Explanation: I used “man chmod” to look up the exact usage of the options in the question.


6. What option to find lets you search for files that have been modified in the last three weeks?

Answer: the “ -mtime -21” option for find would do this
Keystrokes: man find enter esc/modified enter 
Explanation: “man find” was used to look at the manual page for find. “esc/modified” was used to search the manual page for the any commands which have to do with modifications and possibly some sort of modification dates.


7. Use the previous answer to find all directories modified in the last three weeks.

Answer:
./Desktop
./Desktop/$RECYCLE.BIN
./Documents
./Downloads/$RECYCLE.BIN
./.cache/abrt
./.emacs.d
./.emacs.d/auto-save-list
Keystrokes:cd ~ enter find -mtime -21 -type d
Explanation: “cd ~” was used to go to the home directory and then “find -mtime -21 -type d”
Was used to list all files of type directory which had been modified in the last 21 days (3 weeks).

8. Of the files in the same directory as find, how many of them are symbolic links?

Answer:247 symbolic links
Keystrokes:which find enter find /usr/bin -type l | wc -l enter
Explanation: I used “which find” to determine the directory find was located in and then used the find command, specifying that directory, along with the “-type l” optician to get all symbolic links as output. Lastly used “| wc -l” to pipeline the output to wc which with the -l option counted all the lines for me. 

9.What is the oldest regular file in the /usr/lib directory?

Answer: Jun 28 2016 - libfreeblpriv3.so
Keystrokes: man ls enter cd /usr/lib enter ls -lt 
Explanation: “man ls” to look up time sort, cd /usr/lib to go to that directory and then ls with the -lt modifier to list the contents in order of date modified


10.Where does the locale command get its data from?

Answer:”The local category based on the setting of the environment variables that control the locale." 
Keystrokes:man locale
Explanation: man locale was used to look up the description of the locale command

11.In Emacs, what commands have sort in their name?

Answer:
Buffer-menu-sort
dired-sort-toggle-or-edit
sort-columns
sort-fields
sort-lines
sort-numeric-fields
sort-pages
sort-paragraphs
sort-regex-fields
tabulated-list-col-sort
tabulated-list-sort

Keystrokes:C-h ? C-h a sort enter C-x o
Explanation:looked in help for how to search commands for a keyword, then ran that search.

12.Briefly, what do the Emacs keystrokes C-M-a through C-M-h do? Can you list their actions concisely?

These commands mostly move the cursor over text
C-M-a: move backward over a function
C-M-b: move backward over a sexp
C-M-c: exit a recursive edit
C-M-d: runs the command down list
C-M-e: move forward over a function
C-M-f: move forward over a sexp
C-M-g: undefined, runs C-g instead
C-M-h: marks a function
Keystrokes: C-h c C-M-d C-h c C-M-g
Explanation: I looked up many commands in the “GNU Emacs Reference Card” and for those which were not on it I first looked up how to look up commands in emacs and then looked up each command using C-h c while within emacs.

13. In more detail, what does the Emacs keystroke C-g do?

Answer: runs the command “keyboard-quit.” It tries to exit any other command currently being run in emacs.
Keystrokes:C-h c C-g
Explanation: I looked up the exact command in emacs and then used the reference card to confirm my findings

14.What does the Emacs yank function do?

Answer: it reinserts (“paste”) the most recent kill.
Keystrokes: C-h ? C-g C-h f yank enter
Explanation: looked up how to get help with a function, then proceed to do so for the yank function

15.When looking at the directory /usr/bin, what's the difference between the output of the ls -l command, and the directory listing of the Emacs dired command?

Answer:In emacs the total memory and total used memory is shown
Keystrokes:ls /usr/bin -l enter cd /usr/bin emacs C-x d enter
Explanation: ran normal ls -l then moved to the bin directory where I ran the Emacs dired command.
